Create updates section (#5687)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/install.md

# Installation

> Nextflow can be used on any POSIX-compatible system (Linux, macOS, etc), and on Windows through [WSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux). This page describes how to install Nextflow.

Reviewer: Think it would be good to link to the updating page from here, or at the bottom?

Seqera Cloud Basic is free for small teams. Researchers at qualifying academic institutions can apply for free access to Seqera Cloud Pro.
See the [Seqera Platform documentation](https://docs.seqera.io/platform) for set-up information and tutorials to get started.

## Standalone distribution

> The Nextflow standalone distribution (i.e. the `dist` distribution) consists of self-contained `nextflow` executable file
> that includes all the application dependencies for core functionalities and can run without downloading third parties
> libraries. This distribution is mainly useful for offline environments.
> 
> Support for cloud services, such as AWS, Seqera Platform, and Wave, still require downloading the corresponding Nextflow plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nextflow standalone distribution (i.e. the `dist` release) is a self-contained `nextflow` executable that can run without needing to download core dependencies at runtime. This distribution is useful for offline environments, as well as building and testing Nextflow locally.

The standalone distribution will still download core and third-party plugins as needed at runtime.
```

Feel free to re-phrase, but just wanted to clarify the behavior of the `dist` release.
